[rocsparse] Deprecate rocsparse_indextype_u16 (#8189)
ROCm/rocm-libraries: projects/rocsparse/CHANGELOG.md

Documentation for rocSPARSE is available at
[https://rocm.docs.amd.com/projects/rocSPARSE/en/latest/](https://rocm.docs.amd.com/projects/rocSPARSE/en/latest/).

## Since last release (ROCm 7.13)

### Deprecations

> * Deprecated the `rocsparse_indextype_u16` index type. It is unsupported and will be removed in a future release. Users should use `rocsparse_indextype_i32` or `rocsparse_indextype_i64` going forward.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Deprecated the `rocsparse_indextype_u16` index type. It is  no longer supported and will be removed in a future release. Users should use `rocsparse_indextype_i32` or `rocsparse_indextype_i64` going forward.
```
